Troubleshooting guides cleanup (#7910)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/service-mesh/10-02-no-access.md

    kubectl exec -ti -n istio-system $(kubectl get pod -l app=istio-ingressgateway -n istio-system -o name) -c istio-proxy -- netstat -lptnu
    ```

> 4. If ports `80` and `443` are not used, check logs of the Istio Ingress Gateway container `ingress-sds` for errors related to the certificates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If ports `80` and `443` are not used, check the logs of the Istio Ingress Gateway container for errors related to certificates. Run:
```

Reviewer: You don't really have to give the container name in the description - we have it in the command ;)

    ```bash
    kubectl logs -n istio-system -l app=istio-ingressgateway -c ingress-sds
    ```
   

> 5. If you notice any issues regarding certificates, make sure `kyma-gateway-certs` and `kyma-gateway-certs-cacert` Secrets are available in the `istio-system` Namespace and they contain proper data. To regenerate a corrupted certificate, follow [this guide](components/security/#tutorials-update-tls-certificate). If you run Kyma on Gardener, follow [this guide](components/security/#troubleshooting-issues-with-certificates-on-gardener) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In case of certificate-related issues, make sure `kyma-gateway-certs` and `kyma-gateway-certs-cacert` Secrets are available in the `istio-system` Namespace and that they contain proper data. To regenerate a corrupted certificate, follow [this tutorial](components/security/#tutorials-update-tls-certificate). If you are running Kyma provisioned through Gardener, follow [this tutorial](components/security/#troubleshooting-issues-with-certificates-on-gardener).
```

Maybe add a command that shows how to check these secrets and see "what's in their bellies"?
